that always receives everyone with open arms
in this way, take it badly that yes
they have to come only continent cook but as much we as
like you
the doctor in
there to the action cinema with ccoo was not used to a score
but staying without a link that you are making the sign of yesterday's session
meade as like his new player where I know I do not know when they arrive until yesterday in
the night we can show the health
they were robbing a girl h I do not think I do not think I do not really believe that they are not from here says
eat the seminar here I'm active but
taking back to work with
Aztec control
kingston franklin
use of acapulco also made acapulqueño
menorca acapulco where acapulco there were two reaching or frogs on the other side
life of the rest
of a double exile efe
If you were wondering I did not think to speak or did not give you confidence at a price
pay for the road cetys would say traca
is a jump of 1 degree centigrade before he stayed at the hotel of
the entity communicated to the authority possession of weapons and explosives
I have been followed by another tempo line
from there where I will not ask the abbot
everyone
and luck tomorrow they lose jajajajajajaja
jorge campos the famous goalkeeper
the most famous goalkeeper of the last years of the Mexican national team has to
Mexico
of course with televicentro
the bureaucracy re-present andré clear is that it is a journalist with a
very long trajectory
a man that
I used to live before in Guadalajara now lives here in Mexico and always remembers
much to Honduras and to give the most important part of the parties of the
Mexico's national team to the opinion of him is super important and
we're going to see and hear it next
a very dear man in Honduras
he has received us in his home in the tc enrique bermúdez
this the serna
how honorable is the honorable place of choice for agent honduras in the network
if I am me and possible for less a beloved goal in the vendrell
enrique percent
you've been through many years in the qualifiers in Honduras
and Mexico
and you feel you told me extra cameras
an exaggerated optimism this time
in our people
in favor of the national team
or simply buying bars are the cexeci valley opportunity that sells it
I count because they gave me two periods are reviewable
and they speak well of him he takes care I think that he does not pay attention to us he can see us while
do not go to Mexico meco lost a single thunderous party and sorel does
that little knows that that falleros valdo
for whom the movie the pelican I went the goal
but sweden iveco has thirteen games without losing two wins and one draw
in eliminatory
it seems to me that the dry you can only burn was now if they win us they will have
right but
with future bulls I see very difficult that it will be dry but quite possibly the
bonus prose for very difficult to be
now we have notice to are a super big team I think that of what is
they are going to stop tomorrow on the court
rights is the one with the best salary with the interest
It is a global star but now it is about to leave the inter and
we want October
many players in europe in good teams
that did not happen for example
the last time we played in 2001
these players were young then
and now they are mature in supposedly nick of their career
i can that for example influence
in front of a Mexican defense that was also in Europe
but I do not know if we know that rafa marquez
Donoso would have to come fortune but surely he wins a lot and can Barcelona
him but that does not matter who was beyond and it seems that I do not get charged
I had never had the story 14 players in Europe I do not know now I
It seems that Honduras and an advantage over Mexico has made it very clear
a TV show or a more collective football sweet that
association and Honduras opened the opportunity the Colombian wheel of
work with the team that knows that atilio Europeans more time to
play with two hotels or 14 2 guatemala
while it is from goran eriksson has 72 years ago just yesterday comes to power
the Germans in this sense a duration Olmec 92 have not yet met
for the friendlies of mexico his players have not come
I do not believe by the abuses in the player he
cup gold points play a friendly against china some of them not all
you follow you know I find that this advantage of honduras hundred disc
will have to take out individuality
of a guy as a white co-author of varese for a sensational rafa marquez giovani
guarded
it seems to me that the two arrive with that same coincidence of their savior
honduras did not have a promise nor did they have an illusory character
insurers and it was two or three a ludo lucia garcía now are 14
of which would go voices and under most not
I think that the Tula himself played a European 8 9
and the locals osvaldo and torrado
osvaldo torrado
is that there can be pintos give me surprises
by that salcido I think it is the doubt between kisses or can be it doubt
of the emergency goal that eight or
osvaldo hobecker that's why he sent them from experience
then it was painted I think the best of a pretty good team kelly that
pose for individuals and what you want or not
the elastic and leaders including boc
goes to live with dignity before seville 1-0
that does not weigh us put that weight does not weigh clear that we think in Honduras not
and with all due respect the affection of some accustomed to exhibit that before with
two said the center in his height and with the tuxedo
but these players who act in europe as soa suite the guayanesa the
little interest silence and that of the bland good does not reach 100
do not do it in which interest is necessary 75 miguel